Question No.1 :- What are primitive Data types in Java?

           Ans:- byte, short, int, long, float, double, char, String, boolean.

Question No.2 :- What are the Identifiers in Java?

           Ans:- Identifiers in Java are symbolic names used for identification. They can be a class name, variable name, 
                method name, package name, constant name, and more. However, In Java , There are some reserved Words 
                that can not be used as an identifier.

Question No.3 :- What is final class in Java?

           Ans:- A class declared with a final keyword is called final class. It does not allow itself to be inherited by another 
                class.

Question No.4 :- What are the two ways to make a class final?

           Ans:- The first way to make a final class is to declare a class with final keyword. Another way is to declare all of 
                its constructors as private. If a class has only private constructors, it cannot be subclassed.

Question No.5 :- Can Fe create an instance of final class in another class?

           Ans:-Yes, we can create an instance of final class in another class but cannot be inherited.

Question No.6 :-What is Volatile keyword used for ?

           Ans:-Volatile is a declaration that a variable can be accessed by multiple threads and hence shouldn't be 
                cached.

Question No.7 :- What is the use of Transient Keyword ?

           Ans:- It in Java is used to indicate that a field should not be serialized.

Question No.8 :- What are the types of casting.?

           Ans:- There are two types of casting.
                1. Primitive Casting : When the data is casted from one primitive type ( like int, float, double etc…) to another 
                   primitive type, then it is called primitive casting.
                2. Derived Casting : When the data is casted from one derived type to another derived type, then it is called 
                derived casting.

Question No.9 :- What is boxing and unboxing..?

           Ans:- Wrapping of primitive content into corresponding wrapper class object is called boxing. Unwrapping the 
                 wrapper class object into corresponding primitive content is called unboxing.

Question No.10 :- What is the difference between keywords, identifiers and literals in java ?

            Ans:- Keywords are the reserved words that have a pre defined meaning for the compiler and hence are 
                  restricted to be used as identifiers.

                 Identifiers are the name assigned to different programming constructs like classes, interfaces, methods , 
                 variables etc.

                 Literals are the values that are assigned to Identifiers.

                 For example :

                 int count = 0;

                 in the above statement "int" is a keyword, "count" is an identifier and "0" is a literal